Project 2 - Documentation
What I Knew
At the start of the project I had knowledge on HTML/CSS, but little to no Javascript programming experience.
What Did I Research
I had to research how to use and parse a JSON file, Drag and Drop HTML elements, how to undo the drag and drop,  and how to use Javascript to count up in a timer.
What Was Easy
I felt that setting up the html backbone and adding the drag and drop functionality to the webpage was the easiest for me to do.  The next part that was relativity easy was pulling values from a JSON file and inputting those values into their respective HTML elements.
What Was Hard
The Hardest part of the project for me was the development of the undo functionality.
In What order did I Tackle the project
I first decided to tackle getting the drag and drop functionality to how I wanted it, then I moved on to getting the timer event working.  After that, I started on getting the JSON integration working with the drag and drop functionality.  My next task was to get the undo functions working on the drag and drop events.  I then meshed the timer functionality to the drag and drop events.  I then finished the scoring system.  I ended with trying to figure out how to modify the code to not require refreshing the page to play with a new set of questions and their answers.
Did I accomplish all the objectives
I feel that I accomplished all but two of the objectives laid before me.  I know I did not get the play again functionality to only load from memory and not load the file using AJAX.  I also did not utilize the framework provide to its capability. 
Did I accomplish any optional objectives
I did not accomplish any of the optional objectives.
Resources I Used
I used two main resources for my research.  The first one would be w3schools.  The second would be stackoverflow.  After these two resources, I asked for input from some of my colleagues on how they approached some of the issues I ran into.
